
Who is it worth fighting for?
Who has not been found?
Why are you really that good at being tough?
What would you do if you could?
When will you go it alone?
How do you care about it?
When can you take responsibility for what happened in the first place?
How can I be more open about my sexuality?
Who has the power to tell you what to do?
What would you do differently?
Why should they be doing you any real harm?
Who can you help them succeed?
Why is it possible that someone is trying to get close to you?
When will you get the message?
Why should you ever be forced to give up control of your destiny?
Who can’t you be?
How might you make of the fact that they are really your friends?
Who will be back in full force again soon?
What is the most important thing?
Why is that your way of hiding something from yourself?
How is life like this?
How can I avoid the pitfalls of social or professional communication?
Who will be watching over you very soon?
What is the next movement?
Why is it really that easy?
Who can you trust?
How do you want it to end?
Is there something you have overlooked?
How do you think of what you are doing and do you use your powers of inspiration to do it?
Why should you listen to them?
Where should we be happy and healthy?
When can you trust your own intuition?
How might it take more courage to forgive and forget?
How is it worth it?
When can you have more fun?
Why are they trying to hurt you?
Why should you want to be somewhere else?
What would you do if someone whose beliefs you have farmed for centuries simply kept the idea to himself?
Why is it you who is pushing them too hard?
When can I feel more deeply about my feelings?
How can I get a grip on myself?
How is your motivation the cause of your current problems?
Is there something you want to say or do but don’t quite know what it is?
Who has nothing to do with you?
Who is he who pretends to know himself?
Why should I have the right to make decisions for my family and for the world?
Where can you really afford to be generous?
Why are you trying to force them to change your ways?
Where can I really trust people who make the world a better place?
Where can I use my talents creatively?
When can you be sure that your feelings and instincts are not being put to the test?
Where is it actually possible that I'm making more progress than I have been making?
How might it make others jealous?
What do you want them to see and accept?
Why should they want it all?
What would you do without the benefit of hindsight?
Who is your enemy?
When can you trust what they tell you?
How is it wrong to be honest?
Why is it true that a small minority has the upper hand at the moment?
Would I love the woman whose tender form is the pattern of a star?
Where can you be a bit more blunt in your assessment of a situation?
Who will take the world by storm over the next 48 hours?
Why is it really so important?
How is your money situation in some way important?
How do you choose?
How do you go all out for glory?
Who is your spiritual leader?
Why did you know the answer already?
Where is it fun?
Where can you get past fear and get on with your life?
How do I feel more comfortable?
Is there something you need to say, something you would like to let others know what you think and how you feel?
How can I make a more realistic effort to finish a task that has been holding me back?
Why did you know you could not fail?
What is your ultimate goal?
Why are you really that good?
Why did you expect that?
Would they will see fit to throw you under the bus?
When will they see you for who you really are?
Is there a certain amount of dread you have that you will never know better?
Is there a solution to the current philosophical quandary?
When will you realize that in all things “human” experience is basically meaningless?
How can I learn from my own mistakes?
Where can I do more to get my professional reputation back on track?
How can I ask for more?
Who can you turn a blind eye to?
Why is it in your interests to help people who are desperately trying to escape from harsh reality?
What do you stand to lose?
Where is love really worth fighting about?
Is there really is no point trying to solve the situation?
Who will be fun?
Why is it true that the most gifted of human beings have not the least bit of talent and don’t know what to do with it?
Why are they doing something?
What do you think the consequences could be?
When can you believe everything?
Where should you take advantage of them?
How might I change my way of thinking about the direction my social life is heading?
Who will go out of your way to make it seem as if everyone is as stupid as you?
Who will you get the breakthrough you crave?
Who can make life worth living?
What is it you would prefer to keep secret?
Is there a new plan?
Where should you trust what others tell you?
How might it be that you have not been giving your best but just being good?
How might it be better to leave things as they are for a while?
When will you be able to put it off?
Where should they care?
When will that shock or delight you?
Who is it that motivates you?
Where should you trust your own instincts?
Who has the capacity to move mountains?
Who has your back?
What is your current mood?
Who can’t fail?
Why did you leave the old way for new and better ways?
How can I avoid giving too much away?
Who is the one who most needs helping?
When can you trust them?
Where can you possibly be more creative than that?
When will you be able to apply those conclusions to your everyday situation?
How can I live up to the greater good?
What is your motivation?
What do you think of what your friends do now?
Who has been waiting for an opportunity to get out of something that will in the long-term transform your existence?
Is it is the discovery of God rather than the rejection of it?
What assumptions and conclusions you once used to respect may have no relevance at all today?
Where should we, as rational people, expect other people to be happy in the same way?
How might their attitude be if they were less likely to come to their senses?
Where can you trust them?
Where is that a wise idea?
Why should we try to avoid it all?
What assumptions and conclusions you make will sound reasonable when you realize that they are not?
Is there something you feel cannot be done?
How can I help myself?
Who can do this?
How can I afford it?
Who can you blame for your woes?
Why did you get what you wanted?
When will you be able to do it?
What would you do if you knew how lucky you were?
Who will you give me more freedom and responsibilities later on?
Who is in charge?
How might it cost them a bit of time?
Who will make you smile?
What assumptions govern our lives and our way of looking at the world?
What is the best revenge for your feelings of duty?
Why did I say something just to make a point?
What assumptions don’t work?
You have done your fair share of work and still need to be paid some respect, but now is not the time to act in an aggressive way.
Try to keep your plans light over the next few days, especially if they are of a financial nature.
Keep your ideas to yourself for a while and don’t let anyone in on a secret that could be used against you.
No matter how badly the first attempt failed you would still be amazed how easily it worked in the end.
Your first task today and over the weekend is to get them to see sense, not just in their words but in your actions.
You know what needs to be done.
It’s all about style – no doubt about that.
Be positive.
Some people may say that you are desperate but if you make the effort you will find it will pay off in ways you have not anticipated.
Just because certain things do not work out the way you expected does not mean it is not possible.
A clash of egos could break out today and if you are wise you will sit back and watch the two feud for a few hours.
You may feel a bit thin-skinned at the moment but there is no need.
You may feel at ease by nature at the moment but you should make sure you know the right words for the right person.
With a full moon on your side there’s a chance you could get something of value out of it.
The best way to deal with an emotional problem is to pretend it does not exist.
No matter how independent-minded you may be in the world you are advised not to take any drastic action today.
You have no choice over the next 24 hours.
You may think you are above the law but it’s not true.
Some people seem to expect you to be the kind of person who always wants to be noticed but there is something you must learn about yourself.
The more others say you have wasted your time the less likely it is you will be able to show them the truth.
The reason for this unexpected variation is that consciousness is a field of conditioned and unchanging states in a complex pattern--not by chance, but in the course of conscious action in the form of events or thoughts.
If you think of making a profit now you will make a lot of money later on – so don’t waste a dollar.
But you don’t have to push yourself too hard – you don’t have to push yourself to a higher standard.
You won’t lack for confidence today, not least because it is the kind of confidence that other people seem to crave!
If you want to get noticed you will have to spell out in plain and simple language what it is you want to accomplish.
Let the important people know they can trust you.
Don’t make a big deal of it though, don’t let it bother you.
It’s time to start seeing a better world!
Make a point of getting assistance from people who can help you move up in the world.
That would be foolish, and most likely dangerous.
The simple fact is you have obligations to fulfill but you also have to be aware of them and that means paying the price of some of the people you most want to see.
The planets warn that a family matter that does not concern you will come up for air today, so let things happen for a while.
Do not go into a panic about money matters.
Be careful though that you do not overdo it by doing too much.
Yes, you can do things that others don’t, but do you really need to rush them through like they are trying to slow down?
The planets indicate that, when it comes right down to it, everything will work out for the best.
You need to be totally honest with yourself about your feelings.
The less you say too much about a loved one’s behavior the more likely it is they will try to make you feel bad about yourself.
Keep going.
But what we are seeing is the same thing as what we see.
You have good reason to be excited but you have also got to look in the mirror for opportunities to shine – and you have got to look too.
The more you try to do everything yourself the more you will get bored with yourself and wish you were doing more.
You’re the life and soul of the party.
The more you get done the more fun you have with yourself.
You don’t have to lie often but you do have to keep certain ideas to yourself.
The good news is you know what you should be doing and the bad news is you know exactly what you should be doing.
You may feel confident on the work front but don’t get too pushy about it.
Try not to get too aggressive about something that does not concern you directly or take on the world at large.
Others may complain that you are not doing enough but you will get over it and move on.
This is not the time to take foolish risks with money.
What you need to understand is that you do not have to push yourself physically.
If you have something to say this is the perfect time to make waves.
It’s good that you feel you can get away with whatever you want this weekend but be sensible about it.
A family member will sing your praises today and with good reason – you are the kind of person who will happily do whatever it takes to please their extended family.
The important thing is that you stop being so intense about it and focus on what is really important: your health.
Don’t be intimidated by people who seem to delight in teasing you.
For now though you need to go right the other way and do something for people you are not really good at.
You will receive good news concerning your work and career tomorrow, so don’t expect too much of yourself.
It doesn’t really matter if it is right or wrong, what matters is that you do a good deed for someone else.
As from today you must go with the flow.
Whatever it is you desire to accomplish don’t let go just yet – try something different.
Make sure you know what is going on before you speak.
You don’t have to be in control all the time but if you are smart you will let the other person see that you still have limits, even if they are not quite as high as they would like them to be.
Don’t worry about whether someone is mad because there are enough facts in the world to know what they are talking about – you just need to take your time and get the right answers.
It’s your life and you have to decide who you like best.
Maybe you should say so.
To the wise, the world is a beautiful garden.
If you let your guard down today there are sure to be consequences.
That is why it is sometimes so hard to make sense of what your body, mind and soul are trying to tell you, but you can’t quite shake off the feeling that there is a hidden power guiding you.
It’s time to go public with your feelings.
Your mind will be open and honest today and that’s a huge plus.
You may not think much of yourself but now is a good time to look more closely at what you are doing – maybe even thinking!
If anything this is probably one of those occasions when you should just relax and let life come to you – because you can always be ready to do something special.
There’s no point trying to convince those you know, or have dealings with, that you are the best of friends.
Don’t let your fears get the better of you over the next few days because your energy levels will increase by several orders of magnitude.
Do what you can to convince others that you are serious about your aims – then you’ll be more than a rival!
Make the most of what this weekend to have the best time of the year, because your health may not be as robust as you would like it to be.
If you ask nicely then get what you want for free.
You need to be careful where business issues and material matters are concerned, especially where affairs of the heart are concerned.
You can sense that something serious is about to happen, but it won’t be anything to look forward to or pay heed to.
You may fear the worst, of course, but you must not give up hope because even if it happens you can still make a few more friends.
Your confidence will be sky-high over the next few days and there is every possibility you will meet someone who can show you how to make your dreams come true.
The planets urge you to be more adventurous, especially in your pursuit of happiness.
Yes, you can be a success and it won’t be long before you reach your goal but you must be aware that this is not a time for self-pity.
Yes, it could be a bit of a pain.
If you find it hard to decide what is right for you this weekend then now is the time to ask friends and family members for their advice.
Your confidence has taken a bit of a dive of late and if you are smart you will adjust your sights a bit.
If you let partners and loved ones know how much you care for them they will be a lot more willing to give it to you now.
It’s no big deal, in fact it’s nothing bad.
Don’t think of them as failures – most likely they are.
It may not be an easy task but it is necessary.
In other words, try to be tolerant of other people’s opinions – and they’ll be tolerant too.
If you see your way blocked you will find your way blocked again.
This may not be the most productive time of the year for you but there is no need to panic – you are under no obligation to do anything special.
And you'll be the life and soul of the party.
Try not to make any sudden moves today.
Don’t worry too much about other people – you will deal with them all better in the long-term.
To put it simply, you cannot possibly be perfect every day of the week and that is why you should not get worked up about what other people say you should be doing.
If it’s really so bad the worst possible thing you can do is to just get on and do what makes you happy.
A social invitation will come your way today but you must not neglect your own interests.
But don’t do it just to get yourself noticed – don’t do it to put yourself in other people’s hands.
Someone whose affections stretch back many years will say something today that shocks you, maybe even cause a bit of a headache, so make the first move.
A smile will attract all sorts of offers this weekend.
You won’t have time for it if you scatter your energy in two directions.
The only reason you did not do it sooner is because you got angry.
There are so many opportunities out there in the world but you cannot get the most from them all.
Be blunt if you have to.
You may think it is okay to put your health first but in the long-term it is unlikely to be a good thing.
For too long now your efforts in pursuit of a certain goal have been overshadowed by a rival that is simply too big and too dynamic to get a word in edgeways.
Some people will find it hard to hide their feelings today but that’s okay.
They may be gentle and understanding but they need to be reminded that, like all good things in life, the path you choose to take will have a major impact on your everyday existence.
You will take it even further today when you challenge the status quo by making changes that are the kind of changes that will change the world for the better.
There is no such thing as a certain amount of noise.
This could be a tense day but if you keep your feelings under control it will lead to a peaceful rest.
Make sure you get the right advice.
And there is no blame but the woman and the child.
Try not to go too hard.
You may be tempted to splash out on something but you are advised to look at it in a light-hearted manner – it will certainly do you good.
Don’t make too big an issue of it though.
A problem you thought had been resolved will return in waves over the next 24 hours.
Don’t be fooled, they think they can get away with it – and they are right!
Make the effort, and make it work.
You will find that, if you make a conscious effort to be positive in your thinking, positive things will occur.
Your energy levels will reach new heights today and over the weekend and you will gain huge new friends as the new week begins.
There is no need to rush.
As of right now, try not to get involved in feuds that would not have been such a big deal.
Let’s face it: if you want to change things, change people, change your world, you need to be on the side of change.
A job is worth doing but before you do make sure that you don’t allow yourself to get carried away.
If you give them a hard time today it could lead to a situation you know nothing about.
The next few days should be fun but if you let slip information that could lead to bigger problems it could turn out to be quite embarrassing.
You seem to be rushing away from what you are working on.
If you have not yet talked to someone about something that you really can’t seem to get around to understand you should sit back, take a deep breath and get your thoughts together.
It’s okay to be suspicious.
If you try to do everything yourself you’ll end up doing nothing at all.
You will have to do a lot of small things for a lot of people over the next few days and you will certainly have to do many small things for yourself.
To have a fair and open debate you must not allow anyone to keep information from you.
Don’t waste time arguing with people who will never be friends with you.
It’s good to get rid of an embarrassing issue but don’t make it worse.
The fact is you cannot control your emotions and that means that the best course of action is to let go of them altogether.
There is simply no need to rush ahead because this is still a thoroughly enjoyable weekend.
Whatever happens, don’t keep it locked up in a book.
You will encounter people who are more demanding than you usually are over the next 48 hours.
Try not to jump to conclusions today.
Be careful you don’t overdo it and give them the benefit of the doubt.
Something is sure to happen over the next few days, something that helps you stand out from the crowd.
You have no limits, so long as you don’t take on too much.
There may be times today when you want to move mountains, but your powers of persuasion can make it happen – and it won’t be long before you’re flying.
Make sure you spell out what it is you are aiming for over the coming 24 hours.
What you do with your cash over the next few days should not be taken for granted and will in fact be a great deal of fun.
There is simply no one and no thing more frustrating than trying to do a certain task too hard.
The more you push the boundaries the more you will meet people who, to you at least, seem more important than they really are.
There is a real possibility that you will make some kind of mistake and, more importantly, you will be a hero.
You don’t need to get angry and tell them what they should do.
Don’t be afraid to ask for help, even if it doesn’t amount to anything.
Try not to be so open and honest with other people today because it could cause problems later on, especially on the work front where you need to give certain individuals the benefit of the doubt.
There will be lots of fun today – you have no intention of letting it get to you.
You may be confident in your abilities but you are not as good at keeping your head down as others believe.
Just be careful you don’t say too much or you may put yourself at someone’s expense.
In fact, if anything you should be trying to learn from other people – you’ve had so many great ideas of late that you have yet to get a single one of them right.
Let partners and colleagues know what you need and what you can do.
If so, don’t waste your time on petty arguments with people whose views and opinions you disapprove of.
You seem to be in one of your more negative moods at the moment and you should be looking to rest and recharge your batteries.
Be ruthless by all means, both in your personal life and at work.
Don’t waste time lamenting what might have been.
Be careful what you say this weekend because someone who is not your main enemy will be more than happy to undermine your confidence.
If others get angry with you today don’t make a big deal of it.
You should know by now that most important people in the world would like to help you.
If you are in any way ambitious, then now is the time to act.
If someone asks you for a shoulder to cry on today you must give it to them with no questions asked.
Make an effort to let partners and loved ones know what you are doing.
You will need to be a bit more selective over the next few days.
What happens over the next few days will give you a huge boost but don’t worry about it, you will get it back many times over.
Take care you don’t give too much away.
The more you do for yourself the more you will get for free – don’t worry that other people are not as motivated as you.
For some strange reason your mind seems to be making no sense at all and the only way to know what the answer is is to keep it locked up inside you.
The only people who will be taking liberties now are those who think they can get away with it if they so wish.
If you say the wrong thing to someone today you could make the mistake of saying something that turns them against you.
There is a lot to say for yourself now but for the moment at least you should keep a low profile.
You have to make a decision, even if it is the wrong decision, and because others are reluctant to follow it you will have to take on too many tasks and too many people.
Just make sure you don’t take your time making decisions for other people.
You will be at the center of attention today but don’t be too negative.
There’s no logical reason why you should care, so stop being so emotional and think deeply about what is really going on in your life.
A little bit of self-belief and then a lot of self-control will work wonders – and it will pay off big time.
Try to be totally rational this weekend – especially when dealing with people who may not be so rational on the work front.
Maybe it’s time to admit defeat.
Be brave, be adventurous, but be decisive too.
Someone in a position of power needs to stay in control.
Don’t waste time fantasizing about how good the future will look.
You will have to deal with someone today who appears to take what you are doing personally.
Your attitude to life will change dramatically as the week gets to the end of the week and that’s great because you will no longer be able to control your emotions.
Be bold and show your emotions.
You have no choice but to get involved.
You may feel sorry for someone who has gone through a difficult time but don’t let your anger get the better of you.
There are certain tasks you must do today to remind yourself of the importance of your principles and how they can bring you the success you need.
Your life will always improve and as from tomorrow you may be standing on the edge of the cliff.
It’s the same old story, and the same old way, of all kinds.
Doing a favor for a friend You will get all the praise and affection you desire over the next few days.
You won’t find it hard to be persuasive today but you can’t force others to do your bidding.
The point is to find out what is going on behind the scenes and to see if there is any deception.
Your sixth sense tells you that something you think has been going on for ages cannot be brought about by a change in your mind.
There are times when even the best of mates have to make life tough for you and this is one of them.
Your way with words will make matters easier to understand.
Your confidence may be low but you must also take an active approach to your health.
It may be a great idea but don’t be so laid-back about it that you start throwing yourself at it.
What makes you smile?
You can’t change the world, so make the effort and change.
Don’t try to force certain people to see your point of view because it will most likely lead them in a direction that is alien to them.
There are always changes in your world and every day brings new opportunities – so find ways to adapt to them.
If you think you have what it takes, make the most of it.
Don’t worry if a friend or colleague feels the need to ask you to back out of some sort of financial arrangement over the next 24 hours – in fact they may be tempted to say or do what you desire simply to get a few bucks back.
You’ll be in an even better position than you were before.
It’s important to remember that, like everything else, change is disruptive and if you have not made changes then why are you still in this one direction?
You may feel you can do as you please and get away with it but that’s not the point.
It will pay you to be skeptical today.
Something important is likely to happen today that catches you out of your stride.
You are strongly advised not to take anything too seriously over the next 24 hours, because your health could suffer if you get too set in your ways.
Don’t keep a secret from those you live, work or do business with today.
It’s not like you to let your guard down but for once in recent weeks you have found it difficult to be suspicious.
You must not, however, push your luck or be disappointed.
Try not to be too hard on yourself today.
If you keep up the pace over the coming week you will get it done quicker and faster if you keep it within acceptable limits.
You are so easily bored at the moment that you can’t help but wish you could just relax.
Make it your aim over the next few days to find out what motivates you.
Let those around you see that you are the kind of person who likes to be on your guard.
You would be wise to cut back on your commitments this week because that’s going to help.
Take advantage of everything you’ve got – you’ve got so much to look forward to.
There are a lot of things that need to be done to boost your income and this is one of them.
You may be surprised how easily you can get things done.
If you need a break then go out and have it.
You should at least slow down a bit before you take something of a less positive nature.
A lot will depend on your attitude and how much you allow yourself to believe this week.
It is important that you stay calm and focus on what is important to you.
The more you make things happen the more you will make money too.
No matter what happens you can be sure they can respect your opinion on almost anything – so let them.
You will get several opportunities to help someone who is feeling a bit down this week.
If you need a shoulder to cry on today don’t hesitate: the next few days are going to be extra special for you – so think before you speak.
Try not to take your guard down too hard.
You can do too much of everything and still have a lot of time – and energy too – to do things worthwhile.
Don’t worry if you do something today that you think would be of benefit to other people.
The time is right to make your move.
Don’t worry if a loved one suddenly gets depressed this weekend – that’s not an excuse to leave them alone.
What you say may shock those you live, work or do business with but the facts don’t matter.
Do something today that makes you feel good about yourself.
The best advice is to keep things simple.
You are moving too fast and need to slow down to catch up.
Try not to be so intense today because if you go down that route you will most likely get nowhere, so be moderate.
It could be a lot of fun, especially on the home front where loved ones are all over the place.
You’re not the only one who knows where your money is coming from.
You will soon get the chance to improve things over the next few days but before then get your act together and start something a bit more personal.
A problem you seem to have run away from, will remain and will never be found.
You know all the right tricks, so why play safe?
Yes, you are entitled to enjoy yourself but it is not right to indulge in self-pity when you know that nothing else will come close to fulfilling it.
You will do something out of the ordinary over the next 24 hours.
You won’t have to do anything special, just go with the flow.
Others may say it’s not what you were hoping to do but you are human and will do it anyway.
Don’t be too pushy about it.
Don’t worry about that, you will find a way around it eventually – and no, there are no shortcuts to success.
A work colleague’s warning about what might happen may be useful but is it worth the strain?
According to the planets there is nothing to worry about and everything to look forward to.
Someone will say or do something you do not agree with today but you know that you will not be put off for another 48 hours.
If you find yourself in the position of having no choice in the matter, or your life, what happens today will convince you that decision-making is wrong.
Don’t give yourself any rest.
You won’t let others pressure you into doing what you want to do – so think of ways to get as much done as you can.
This card represents the person in a position of authority, usually a banker or senior member of a bank, in order to provide for certain obligations or responsibilities.
Try not to overreact to someone who annoys you in any way.
Try being a bit less self-critical.